Add Beatmap Spotlights winter 2022 newspost & wiki article (#6855)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-02-15-beatmap-spotlights-season-5-winter-2022.md

### Themed playlists

But that's not all regarding the playlists changes. **Starting this season, the first playlist of every season will be themed with some kind of gimmick.** We've came to a conclusion that spotlights playlists might've felt a little disconnected, to make them more interesting, we decided to make the first playlist of every incoming season special. **This time, the theme is unorthodox rhythm of any sorts**.

### More transparency

There's been a lot of voices that nobody really knows who's the member and what's going on in the Spotlighs Team. We'd like to face this issue, and make it so everything is a little bit more clear to the outsiders. Each season announcement will now include *[Inside the spotlights team](inside-the-team)* section, listing the most recent team changes. We will also credit respective curators, resposnible for suggesting the maps, in the [picks lists](playlists). There's more to come in that regard, so stay tuned for the next seasons!

## Medals and beatmap packs

> Many people stated that they'd like to enjoy some kind of spotlights experience on stable, like it used to be in the past. To make it somehow possible, we will now release beatmap packs along with medal set for each gamemode once all of the playlists are released (in 4 weeks). We also have plans for releasing medal packs for previous Spotlights seasons. Have fun jumping on grindset to catch them all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many people stated that they'd like to enjoy some kind of spotlights experience on stable, like it used to be in the past. To make that somewhat possible, we will now release beatmap packs along with medal sets for each game mode once all of the playlists are released (halfway through the season). We also have plans for releasing medal packs for previous Spotlights seasons. Have fun jumping on the grindset to catch them all!
```

> ## <a id="inside-the-team"></a> Inside the spotlights team

Reviewer: not needed if it's to save one word

```suggestion
## Inside the spotlights team
```

In this section we will cover member changes and important happenings inside the Spotlights Team.

**Curator additions**
- **osu!taiko**: Hivie, radar
- **osu!catch**: Rocma
- **osu!mania**: \[ Decku \], Kibitz

**Curator resignments**
- **osu!**: Icekalt, xbopost
- **osu!taiko**: Charlotte
- **osu!catch**: Deif, JBHyperion, Spectator
- **osu!mania**: Raveille

> In addition to that, pishifat will leave the management. After a long service, Hivie will replace him as a helping hand in making the things work as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, pishifat will leave the management. After a long service, Hivie will replace him as a helping hand in making things work as intended.
```

For the full Spotlights Team members list, check out the [Beatmap Spotlights wiki article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights).

> ## <a id="how-to-participate"></a> How to participate in Beatmap Spotlights League?

Reviewer: league? it's only mentioned here

the header isn't worded like a question, so it can't have a question mark

the anchor isn't referenced anywhere, and also isn't really required, since headings up to level 3 automatically get an anchor. if you're linking elsewhere, you'd do `news-post-link#how-to-participate-in-the-beatmap-spotlights`

```suggestion
## How to participate in the Beatmap Spotlights
```

> To participate in the Beatmap Spotlights League, you need to download the latest version of osu!lazer client from [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/latest). Once you're done installing and logging in to your account, head on over to the playlists tab in the play section and find the Spotlights lobbies as denoted by a little pink bar. You can also filter the lobbies to spotlights only, by selecting so in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To participate in the Beatmap Spotlights, download the latest version of osu!lazer client from its [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/latest). Once you're done installing and logging into your account, head on over to the playlists tab in the play section and find the Spotlights lobbies as denoted by a little pink bar. You can also filter the lobbies to spotlights only in the top right corner.
```

## Season schedule and leaderboards

| Event | Time |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Season Start | Feb 15th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist A | Feb 15th - Feb 29th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist B | Feb 29th - Mar 15th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist C | Mar 15th - Mar 29th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist A | Mar 29th - Apr 5th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist B | Apr 5th - Apr 12th, 2022 |
> | Timeshift Lobby: Playlist C | Apr 12th - Apr 19th, 2022 |
> | Season Conclusion | Apr 19th, 2022 |

Reviewer: we usually use sentence case for tables (see tournament articles)

also would rather make the date format more concise

```suggestion
| Season start | Feb 15, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist A | Feb 15 - Feb 29, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist B | Feb 29 - Mar 15, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist C | Mar 15 - Mar 29, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist A | Mar 29 - Apr 5, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist B | Apr 5 - Apr 12, 2022 |
| Timeshift lobby: Playlist C | Apr 12 - Apr 19, 2022 |
| Season conclusion | Apr 19, 2022 |
```

> The Winter Season 2022 leaderboard will be available over at the [Beatmap Spotlights Season Winter 2022](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) wiki article once the first batch of lobbies conclude in the coming weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Winter Season 2022 leaderboard will be available over at the [Beatmap Spotlights Winter Season 2022](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) wiki article once the first batch of lobbies conclude in the coming weeks.
```

## Rewards

> | Badges | Bracket Tier | Placement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Badges | Bracket tier | Placement |
```

| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/diamond_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/diamond_2.png) | Diamond | 3% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/platinum_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/platinum_2.png) | Platinum | 3% - 10% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/gold_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/gold_2.png) | Gold | 10% - 25% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/silver_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/silver_2.png) | Silver | 25% - 50% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/bronze_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/bronze_2.png) | Bronze | 50% - 70% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/copper_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/copper_2.png) | Copper | 70% - 95% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/iron_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/iron_2.png) | Iron | 95% - 100% |

> The percentage values may vary a little depending on the game mode and/or participant count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The percentage values may vary a little depending on the game mode and/or participant counts.
```

The Rhythm Incarnate tier threshold is picked manually based on season's participant count and general size of other tiers, though it is an absolute number that ranges between top 2 and top 50 in most cases.

> ## <a id="playlists"></a> Spring Season 2021 first playlists

Reviewer: again

```suggestion
## Spring Season 2021 first playlists
```

- [callasoiled - 4172756869 (isagen remix) (Cut Ver.) \[7k insane\] (guden)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1334074#mania/2763839), suggested by [Lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)
- [Fiend - Morrissey \[Menace\] (-mint-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1358575#mania/2811365), suggested by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)
- [Hanz - Without Boundaries \[BringoBrango's Another\] (BringoBrango)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1067037#mania/2285505), suggested by [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600)
- [Kontinuum - Lost (feat. Savoi) \[Sunroof Remix\] \[Emotional Drift\] (Dreamwalker)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/624059#mania/1321781), suggested by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)
- [Frums - Wavetapper \[Beyond Sounds\] (-mint-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/866661#mania/2208846), suggested by [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600)
- [Frums - XNOR XNOR XNOR \[Equivalence\] (GoldenJumper)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1341013#mania/2777899), suggested by [Lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

> Playlist B, C and D will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) as we open the timeshift lobbies, so stay tuned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playlist B, C and D will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) as we open the timeshift lobbies, so stay tuned!
```

## The Future

> The new Beatmap Spotlights is still a project on its early development stage and depends a lot on community feedback and engagement to improve. Many things can (and will) change for future seasons, and it all depends on *your* feedback!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Beatmap Spotlights is still a project in its early development stage and depends a lot on community feedback and engagement to improve. Many things can (and will) change for future seasons, and it all depends on *your* feedback!
```

What do you want for the next season? What needs to be fixed? What are your opinions on the current system? You can voice out all your opinions [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1517423) and we will keep note of every suggestion, so please let us know how you feel about things.

We do hope you have enjoyed the Winter Season 2021 Spotlights, and, of course, we do hope that you enjoy the Spring Season even more.

See you in the upcoming timeshift lobbies!

---

> Join us over at [the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H) and assign yourself to a pingable role to keep up with spotlights changes and announcements or visit the ``#osu-spotlights`` channel of [osu!dev](https://discord.gg/ppy) to help us push this project further! You can also find out more about [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu!wiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us over at [the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H) and assign yourself to a pingable role to keep up with spotlights changes and announcements or visit the `#osu-spotlights` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) to help us push this project even further! You can find out more about [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu! wiki.
```

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Spotlights Season 5: Winter 2022 - Unorthodox Rhythm"
date: 2022-02-15 01:45:00 +0000
---

Spotlights rivals, assemble! After a long break, we are finally back with many new changes like a brand new special play theme, so we hope you all are ready for **Winter Season 2022**!

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-spotlights.jpg)

With the new season launch, we'll be changing up some aspects of how the Beatmap Spotlights play to help keep things fresh. We're also going to be communicating things a little differently, so make sure to read on to figure out what's what.

If you just can't wait to try out the new maps, **the Beatmap Spotlights lobbies are now open for play on the osu!lazer client**. If you've got no idea how to get started with things, read on below!

## Changes

### New spotlights playlists format

> We've heard a lot of voices that the old playlists format might've been a little too boring for more experienced players as one or two extras and/or insanes per list is just simply not enough to be interesting. To increase the competition while keeping it approachable for our newer players, we've decided to reshuffle how the playlists system work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've heard a lot of voices that the old playlists format might've been a little too boring for more experienced players as one or two extras and/or insanes per list is just simply not enough to be interesting. To increase the competition while keeping it approachable for our newer players, we've decided to reshuffle how the playlists system work.
```

**From now on, each playlist will last 2 weeks and will include 2 hard, 3 insane, and 4 extra difficulties.** Each season will consist of 3 playlists, after the first run, the playlists will be re-played for a week.

### Themed playlists

> **Starting this season, the first playlist of every season will be themed with some kind of gimmick.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Starting this season, the first playlist of every season will be themed with some kind of gimmick.**
```

> We've came to a conclusion that spotlights playlists might've felt a little disconnected, so we're spicing things up a bit by making the first playlist of every incoming season *special*. 

Reviewer: word variety

```suggestion
We've came to a conclusion that spotlights playlists may have felt a little disconnected, so we're spicing things up a bit by making the first playlist of every incoming season *special*.
```

| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/gold_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/gold_2.png) | Gold | 10% - 25% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/silver_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/silver_2.png) | Silver | 25% - 50% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/bronze_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/bronze_2.png) | Bronze | 50% - 70% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/copper_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/copper_2.png) | Copper | 70% - 95% |
| ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/iron_1.png) ![](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/img/badges/winter_2022/osu/iron_2.png) | Iron | 95% - 100% |

The percentage values may vary a little depending on the game mode and/or participant counts.

The Rhythm Incarnate tier threshold is picked manually based on season's participant count and general size of other tiers, though it is an absolute number that ranges between top 2 and top 50 in most cases.

## Winter Season 2022 first playlists

> ### osu! (lead by [Nowaie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5428909))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### osu! (led by [Nowaie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5428909))
```

- [Osamu Kubota - Presto \[Jval's Another\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1452332#osu/3005290), suggested by [Zelq](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8953955)
- [Neru - Lost One no Goukoku \[eveless\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/83547#osu/230641), suggested by [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875)
- [OSTER project - Violet Rose \[Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1178488#osu/2457698), suggested by [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207)
- [onoken - ZADAMGA \[Luscent's Extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1492550#osu/3188917), suggested by [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207) and [Lefafel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2295850)
- [UKRampage - Jack-the-Ripper \[Extravaganza\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1333932#osu/3274710), suggested by [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875)
- [Nekomata Master - Byakuya Gentou \[EX\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/36849#osu/119375), suggested by [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875)
- [ELECTROCUTICA - Dependence Intension \[AQUARIUM+\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1402842#osu/2893781), suggested by [Riot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4256461)

> ### osu!taiko (lead by [OnosakiHito](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/290128))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### osu!taiko (led by [OnosakiHito](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/290128))
```

- [Ikitama - sun and spirit \[oni\] (Alchyr)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1413087#taiko/2954454), suggested by [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976)
- [Sven Noon - Difficult Mutations \[tasuke's Oni\] (tasuke912)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/935842#taiko/2583939), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [Se-U-Ra - LOSHAXI -HACK- \[Oni\] (Genjuro)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1094418#taiko/2287922), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [The Flashbulb - That Missing Week (Alternate) \[Inner Oni\] (ZTH)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/931375#taiko/1944768), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [ziki_7 - Leviathan \[Inner Oni\] (yassu-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1013884#taiko/2122025), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [Digital Math - The Musky Thrust \[Inner Oni\] (Jaltzu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1153833#taiko/2408145), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [aran - Mazy Metroplex \[Inner Oni\] (-Dusk)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1449961#taiko/2981096), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)

> ### osu!catch (lead by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### osu!catch (led by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243))
```

- [glass beach - bedroom community \[girl who hates her life\] (Lacrima)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1556085#fruits/3178862), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [tieff - Sunflower \[Rain\] (Hareimu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/985106#fruits/2061108), suggested by [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045)
- [onumi - FAKE \[RAIN\] (JBHyperion)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/934785#fruits/2023545), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [dark cat - ELINE \[Catstep\] (Absolute Zero)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1064394#fruits/2228562), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [Chroma - Made In Love \[Rei's MAXIMUM\] (Bunnrei)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1028944#fruits/2151543), suggested by [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045)
- [Zekk - Feelsleft0ut \[rei's missing 0ut\] (Bunnrei)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1145368#fruits/2391319), suggested by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243)
- [Phoebe Ryan - Mine (HANAEL Remix) \[Lost\] (Jemzuu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1222143#fruits/2542067), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)

> ### osu!mania (lead by [Hydria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/808176), with help of [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705) this season)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### osu!mania (led by [Hydria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/808176), with help of [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705) this season)
```

- [Frums - Wavetapper \[Beyond Sounds\] (-mint-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/866661#mania/2208846), suggested by [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600)
- [Frums - XNOR XNOR XNOR \[Equivalence\] (GoldenJumper)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1341013#mania/2777899), suggested by [Lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

Playlist B, C and D will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) as we open the timeshift lobbies, so stay tuned!

## The Future

The new Beatmap Spotlights is still a project in its early development stage and depends a lot on community feedback and engagement to improve. Many things can (and will) change for future seasons, and it all depends on *your* feedback!

What do you want for the next season? What needs to be fixed? What are your opinions on the current system? You can voice out all your opinions [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1517423) and we will keep note of every suggestion, so please let us know how you feel about things.

> We do hope you enjoyed the Winter Season 2021 Spotlights, and, of course, we do hope that you enjoy the Spring Season even more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do hope you'll enjoy the Winter Season 2022 Spotlights, and, of course, we do hope that you enjoy the Spring Season even more!
```

See you in the upcoming lobbies!

---

> Join us over at [the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H) and assign yourself to a role to keep up with spotlights changes and announcements or visit the ``#osu-spotlights`` channel of [osu!dev](https://discord.gg/ppy) to help us push this project further! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us over at [the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H) and assign yourself to a role to keep up with spotlights changes and announcements or visit the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) to help us push this project even further!
```

> You can also find out more about [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu!wiki.

Reviewer: professional ending

```suggestion
You can find out more about [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu! wiki.
```

**From now on, each playlist will last 2 weeks and will include 2 Hard, 3 Insane, and 4 Extra difficulties.** Each season will consist of 3 playlists where after the first run, the playlists will be re-played for the second week.

### Themed playlists

**Starting this season, the first playlist of every season will be themed with some kind of gimmick.**

We've came to a conclusion that Spotlights playlists may have felt a little disconnected, so we're spicing things up a bit by making the first playlist of every incoming season *special*.

The theme for this run of the Beatmap Spotlights is **unorthodox rhythm**. If you like weird and wonderful rhythms, this new theme should be right up your alley.

### More transparency

We've heard a lot of concern over the fact that nobody really knows who's doing what and what is even going on in the Spotlighs Team.

> We'd like to face this issue, and make it so everything is a little bit more clear to the outsiders. Each season announcement will now include a *[Inside the Spotlights Team](#inside-the-spotlights-team)* section, detailing the most recent team changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd like to face this issue, and make it so everything is a little bit more clear to the outsiders. Each season announcement will now include an [Inside the Spotlights Team](#inside-the-spotlights-team) section, detailing the most recent team changes.
```

**Curator additions:**

- **osu!taiko**: Hivie, radar
- **osu!catch**: Rocma
- **osu!mania**: \[ Decku \], Kibitz

**Curator resignations:**

- **osu!**: Icekalt, xbopost
- **osu!taiko**: Charlotte
- **osu!catch**: Deif, JBHyperion, Spectator
- **osu!mania**: Raveille

In addition to that, pishifat will be stepping away as the project's manager to handle his many other tasks. Hivie will replace him as a helping hand in making things work as intended.

For the full Spotlights Team members list, check out the [Beatmap Spotlights wiki article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights).

## How do I participate in the Beatmap Spotlights?

To participate in the Beatmap Spotlights, download the latest version of the osu!lazer client from its [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/latest).

Once you're done installing and logging into your account, head on over to the playlists tab in the play section and find the Spotlights lobbies as denoted by a little pink bar. You can also filter the lobbies to Spotlights only in the top right corner.

## Season schedule and leaderboards

| Event | Time |
| :-- | :-- |
| Season start | Feb 15, 2022 |

> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist A | Feb 15 - Feb 29, 2022 |
> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist B | Feb 29 - Mar 15, 2022 |
> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist C | Mar 15 - Mar 29, 2022 |
> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist A | Mar 29 - Apr 5, 2022 |
> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist B | Apr 5 - Apr 12, 2022 |
> | Timeshift lobby: Playlist C | Apr 12 - Apr 19, 2022 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Playlist lobby: Playlist A | Feb 15 - Feb 29, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist B | Feb 29 - Mar 15, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist C | Mar 15 - Mar 29, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist A | Mar 29 - Apr 5, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist B | Apr 5 - Apr 12, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist C | Apr 12 - Apr 19, 2022 |
```

- [glass beach - bedroom community \[girl who hates her life\] (Lacrima)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1556085#fruits/3178862), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [tieff - Sunflower \[Rain\] (Hareimu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/985106#fruits/2061108), suggested by [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045)
- [onumi - FAKE \[RAIN\] (JBHyperion)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/934785#fruits/2023545), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [dark cat - ELINE \[Catstep\] (Absolute Zero)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1064394#fruits/2228562), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)
- [Chroma - Made In Love \[Rei's MAXIMUM\] (Bunnrei)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1028944#fruits/2151543), suggested by [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045)
- [Zekk - Feelsleft0ut \[rei's missing 0ut\] (Bunnrei)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1145368#fruits/2391319), suggested by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243)
- [Phoebe Ryan - Mine (HANAEL Remix) \[Lost\] (Jemzuu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1222143#fruits/2542067), suggested by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)

> ### osu!mania (led by [Hydria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/808176), with help of [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705) this season)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### osu!mania (led by [Hydria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/808176), with help from [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705) this season)
```

- [callasoiled - 4172756869 (isagen remix) (Cut Ver.) \[7k insane\] (guden)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1334074#mania/2763839), suggested by [Lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)
- [Fiend - Morrissey \[Menace\] (-mint-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1358575#mania/2811365), suggested by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)
- [Hanz - Without Boundaries \[BringoBrango's Another\] (BringoBrango)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1067037#mania/2285505), suggested by [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600)
- [Kontinuum - Lost (feat. Savoi) \[Sunroof Remix\] \[Emotional Drift\] (Dreamwalker)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/624059#mania/1321781), suggested by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)
- [Frums - Wavetapper \[Beyond Sounds\] (-mint-)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/866661#mania/2208846), suggested by [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600)
- [Frums - XNOR XNOR XNOR \[Equivalence\] (GoldenJumper)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1341013#mania/2777899), suggested by [Lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

> Playlist B, C and D will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) as we open the timeshift lobbies, so stay tuned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playlist B, C and D will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Winter) as we open the playlist lobbies, so stay tuned!
```
